Okay. Let's get started. I literally need a man. I need a man. Help! Alright, I'm gonna
apply the lesbian solution. Okay. Let's get started. I love my king. This is not really
the most feminine moment for me, not really my 2020 vibe, but it does proportionize my
giant man hands. All right. No one thinks I'm cute. Let's get started. Okay. Look, this video
is about canceling, also known as cancel culture, formerly known as call it out culture. And I know
you kids know all about this, but before we dive in, I have to explain the basics to my fellow
boomers. So listen up oldies. In the lingo of these young avocado guzzling smartphone addicts
who killed Applebee's canceling is online shaming, vilifying, and ostracizing of prominent members
of a community by other members of that community. Like so much internet slang, this use of the word
canceling started out on black Twitter, where a few years ago, people, well, mostly women would
tweet cancel R Kelly and things like that. You know, it started out as this vigilante strategy
for bringing justice and accountability to powerful people who previously had been immune to any
consequences for their actions. For example, the Me Too movement promised to use social media
shaming to topple sexually abusive men in power who couldn't be held accountable any other way.
The promise of canceling was that it was going to give power back to people who had none and bring
justice to prominent abusers. It's in a way the 21st century version of the guillotine, the bringer
of justice, the people's avenger, but also like the guillotine, it can become a sadistic entertainment
spectacle. And I want to make the case that we do have, well, a teensy bit of a reign of terror
situation on our hands gorge. Now there's a version of this conversation that's already been
had to death and it goes like this. On the one side are a bunch of male comedians who constantly
bitch about how cancel culture is out of control. You can't joke about anything anymore without
these millennial jockels trying to get you in trouble. And the other side is mostly progressive
think piece authors who argue that there's no such thing as cancel culture. It's just that powerful
people are finally being held accountable for their actions and they can't fucking handle it.
So they go around bitching about cancel culture. Now, unfortunately, neither of those viewpoints
is quite as correct as some people might hope. So it's a good thing I'm here to deliver the truth.
He didn't know I was transgender. Story time, emotional, not clickbait. Let's start with an
example. The most high profile YouTube canceling of 2019 was the canceling of James Charles. And
again, I know you kids remember this, but I have to reheat ancient YouTube tea for the elders.
Put the kettle on Karen. So James Charles is a 20 year old beauty guru, which means boomers.
Look, there's these people who make YouTube videos teaching you how to do makeup. It's worth
checking out if you can figure out how to start up Internet Explorer. I certainly can't. It's
pretty bomb. It's lit. It's, uh, it's groovy. It's fab. It's far out, man. It's a gas. I fully dig it.
Free love. Give peace of chance. Nixon's a fascist. So back in May of this year, James's
colleague and mother figure, fellow YouTube beauty guru, Tati Westbrook, uploaded a 40 minute video
accusing James of endorsing a different brand of hair vitamins than the brand that she, wait,
that was a competitor of her brand of hair vitamins. An enthralling plot line, I know.
And this was huge. This was covered in the New York Times. And while Tati was added almost as
an afterthought to the hair vitamin dispute, she also accused James of being a sexual predator.
Now I actually went back and checked Tati's original deleted video and she actually never
uses the phrase sexual predator. It's funny. I remember her calling him that because that
became the story on Twitter. But what she actually said was James had to try to trick
straight men into thinking they're gay. Oh my God, you tried to trick a straight man into thinking
he's gay yet again, which is pretty different from calling him a sexual predator. But see,
this is what cancel culture does. It takes one story and transforms it into a significantly
different story. You know, the headline I would write about the James and Tati story might read
Tati Westbrook accuses James Charles of trying to trick straight men into thinking they're gay,
but cancel culture transforms that story into the headline James Charles is a sexual predator.
Interesting. Now I want to make it clear that my intention here is really not to defend James
Charles. I'm not a James Charles stan. I'm a biological female in my thirties. Close to death
I know. Please leave a comment before I die. That said, I do think the statement James Charles is a
sexual predator is a stretch to say the least, at least based on the information I have in December
2019. So let's analyze how this kind of truth stretching happens. Cancel culture trope one,
and you should be writing this down in class because this will be on the test. Cancel culture
trope one, presumption of guilt. There's a traditional understanding of justice according
to which before you condemn or punish a person, you hear the accuser's side of the story and the
accused side of the story. You allow both sides to present evidence and only after everyone involved
has had a chance to make their case, do you pass sentence and punish the convict? Oh, punish me,
King. I'm drinking this as punishment enough. Am I uncancelled yet, please? Now in the United States
of we legally have the presumption of innocence, but canceling does not abide by the law. Cancelling
is a form of vigilante mob justice and a lot of times an accusation is proof enough. Now that's
basically the point of the progressive slogan believe victims. It's a norm that was put into
place in progressive spaces because out in the world at large people generally don't believe
victims, but I think it's pretty obvious how believe victims is a norm that's easy to abuse.
Was Tati really James's victim? No, she's not some powerless woman abused by a prominent man in her
industry. She's on top of the industry and she wasn't victimized by James at all. I see this case
more as she weaponized cancel culture against a business rival. Anyway, before James had even had
a chance to respond to Tati's accusation, the story had already gone from Tati Westbrook accuses
James Charles of trying to trick straight men to James Charles tried to trick straight men. And
from there it was generalized into James Charles is toxic and manipulative, which brings us to
cancel culture trope two, abstraction. Abstraction replaces the specific concrete details of a claim
with a more generic statement. In the transition from Tati Westbrook accused James Charles of
trying to trick straight men to James Charles is toxic and manipulative. We've lost not only the
sense of this being an unverified accusation, but we've also lost all the specific details.
James Charles is toxic and manipulative is an incredibly vague statement and may as well be
James Charles is bad. But even without the presumption of guilt, if someone tells me
James Charles is accused of toxic and manipulative behavior, I'm going to think, oh,
that sounds pretty bad. And I'm going to start speculating about the specifics and whatever my
imagination comes up with is likely going to be worse than whatever he's actually accused of.
Also, the specific accusation that he tried to trick straight men into thinking they're gay
is self-evidently kind of questionable. How do you trick straight men into thinking they're gay?
If you find out, let me know. It's bad. I'm bad. I'm super bad. This is not a problem that straight
men usually seem to have. At the very least, it requires further explanation. It's the kind of
story that sounds like it has more than one side. So I'm immediately going to feel a little bit
skeptical of the accusation. And I'm also going to side-eye Tati Westbrook because this accusation
is setting off my homophobia detection alarm. Leave the gays alone. But I'm not going to have
an opportunity to pick up on the potential homophobia and be skeptical of it if all I've
heard about the situation is James Charles' toxic and manipulative. And I also want to point out a
linguistic shift that's happening here. When the claim was James Charles tried to trick straight
men, the verbs in the sentence were try and trick. So what we're criticizing here is James' behavior.
We're criticizing things he did, allegedly, trying to trick straight men. But once the claim morphs
into James Charles' is toxic and manipulative, the verb in the sentence is is to be. So these
adjectives are characteristics of James. And it's now not his actions we're criticizing, but his
personality, his toxicity, his manipulativeness. This is what I'll call cancel culture trope three,
essentialism. Essentialism is when we go from criticizing a person's actions to criticizing
the person themselves. We're not just saying they did bad things. We're saying they're a bad
person. And that's what takes us from James Charles tried to trick straight men to James
Charles is a sexual predator. So here we're targeting James himself, not just his actions,
but the type of person he is a sexual predator. And we've also really escalated the accusation,
because I don't know about you guys. But when I hear the phrase sexual predator, the image that
comes to mind is a rapist or a child molester, maybe an abusive boss, not a teenage twink hung
up on wanting to date straight guys. I mean, not that a person like that couldn't be a sexual
predator. But I really don't think that he's a sexual predator is a fair summary of the accusation.
So this seems to me like a pretty nasty and dishonest twisting of the story. And it happened
instantaneously on Twitter. It totally dominated the conversation in a community of millions of
people for weeks. In a few days, James had lost millions of subscribers. And who knows what effect
it had on his personal life? Not that anyone seems to care. In fact, most people seems to be enjoying
his downfall. He was a teenage millionaire, a young, beautiful superstar, easy to envy, easy to resent,
hard to relate to hard to sympathize with. What was the point of canceling James Charles? Did we
want to teach him a lesson? Did we want him to learn from his mistakes and grow as a person?
Imagine actually wanting someone to learn. Imagine actually caring.
My hunch is that the average YouTube viewer was not sincerely outraged and hurt by their sincere
belief that James Charles was a sexual predator. In other words, this was not a case of triggered
SJWs. This was a controversy manufactured from the top by a handful of seemingly vindictive
and envious people. I honestly think that most of the James Charles as a sexual predator crowd
just wanted to bring him down a peg. Cancel culture trope four, pseudo-moralism or pseudo-intellectualism.
If you look at the world we live in, would you say that people are usually motivated by a sense
of moral integrity and intellectual rigor? No, maybe not. Let's be real, America. We are a
bunch of morally impotent meatbags constantly shitting ourselves out of fear and lust. For
Tati calling out James, this was really, it was about the hair of vitamins, right? I think Sis
was super salty that this millionaire kid who she had supported and helped had betrayed her by
endorsing a rival brand. And accusing him of trying to trick straight men was just a twist of
the knife. But moralism or intellectualism provide a phony pretext for the call out. You can pretend
you just want an apology. You can pretend you're just a concerned citizen who wants the person to
improve. You can pretend you're simply offering up criticism when what you're really doing is
attacking a person's career and reputation out of spite, envy, revenge. I mean, it could be any
motivation. Twitter viewed James as an overprivileged, spoiled little brat and it was fun to wipe the
smile off his smug face at least for a few weeks. It's schadenfreude, right? This kind of petty
sadism. Maybe not the internet's proudest moment, but not the most shameful either. And it's not to
say that everyone canceling James Charles was insincere, but there's a world of difference
between cancel R. Kelly and cancel James Charles. And I'm interested to know how these two things
came to look the same. When James was being cancelled, I remember being kind of transfixed
by the sight of his life and career falling from the sky, full tailspin, black smokes spewing out,
and a lot of my YouTube friends were like, lol, did you see James Charles is cancelled?
But I looked up at James and I said, oh god, that's gonna be me someday.
Stay strong, sister. Don't let the bastards get you down.
Let's switch over to white cloth. These are cute. These are fun. A little more of a feminine moment
for me. They didn't even have these last time I was an alcoholic. I'm not even wearing makeup.
I don't need makeup to serve a full biological fantasy. Keep drinking people. We're gonna make
it through this together. So I was doing a little Twitter archaeology when I was looking into the
James Charles canceling. And I found a bunch of tweets referencing earlier James Charles scandals.
Y'all forgiving James Charles. He's still a transphobe. Y'all are acting like just because
James Charles has receipts. He's no longer a racist transphobe like James Charles is racist,
ableist, transphobic, and a sexual predator. A white woman. Y'all are being too harsh on him
and he's uncancelled. So according to Twitter, James Charles is not only a sexual predator,
he's also a racist and a transphobe. That sounds pretty serious. Let's investigate.
We'll start with the transphobia allocation. Kakaros of the jury, exhibit A.
So you're not even full gay. I mean, no, there have been girls in the past that I felt were
really, really beautiful. There's also been like trans guys in the past too that I was like really,
really into for a moment in time. And I oop. As I say on Twitter, yikes. This ain't a cheap,
friendly reminder that this isn't a good look. Maybe don't be transphobic. Disappointing.
So James did fuck up here. The problem is he's suggesting that being attracted to trans men
makes him less gay, which implies that trans men aren't really men, which is at odds with the way
trans men understand themselves. So this does deserve criticism. No doubt, no doubt. However,
what I see when I look at this clip of James is not a dyed in the wool transphobic bigot.
I see a very young person who's still working on understanding his own sexuality and is trying to
figure out where his attraction to trans men fits into that. And it seems to me that the proportionate
response to that situation is for someone to take James aside and explain to him, look, here's why
what you said is hurtful to trans men. And here are some tips on how to avoid saying that kind of
thing in the future. You know, ignorance is not the same thing as hatred. Not understanding someone
is not the same as wanting them dead. Of course, there are committed bigots who it's just a waste
of time to engage with. But sometimes just talking to someone with a little patience and
understanding is all it takes. But that's not what cancel culture does. Oh, no, we have to
immediately escalate every situation to the highest possible level of conflict. So by abstraction,
we get James Charles made transphobic comments. And by essentialism, we get James Charles is
a transphobe. We don't give him a chance to reflect. We don't give him an opportunity to learn.
We go straight to branding him a bigot. Nonetheless, that same week,
James posted an apology to his Insta story saying, regardless of whatever my intentions were,
that came across as me saying, I'm not fully gay because I have been with a trans man. And that is
absolutely, first of all, not true. Like that doesn't make me not fully gay. But that stereotype
and implication is really, really dangerous. And I'm very, very sorry. If you are a trans man,
you are a man. If you're a trans girl, you are a woman. You are valid in your identity.
Could you ask for a better apology? Like he not only apologizes for what he said,
but he also demonstrates a clear understanding of why it was wrong. So does that mean people
stopped calling him a transphobe? Of course not. Cancel culture, trope five, no forgiveness.
Cancellors will often dismiss an apology as insincere, no matter how convincingly written
or delivered. And of course, an insincere apology is further proof of what a Machiavellian psychopath
you really are. Now, sometimes a good apology will calm things down for a while. But the next time
there's a scandal, the original accusation will be raised again, as if you never apologized. And
that's what happened to James during the Tati scandal when Twitter decided he was a transphobic
sexual predator. And that's to say nothing of this racism I've been hearing about. Here are
the receipts. Exhibit B. In February 2017, when James was much less famous than he is now,
he tweeted, I can't believe we're going to Africa today. OMG, what if we get Ebola?
James, we're fine. We could have gotten it at Chipotle last year. Okay. Well, that's a little
insensitive maybe, but it's not really something an influencer should tweet. And fear of disease
associated with Africa. I mean, I can see how it's in the same vague conceptual area as certain
racist tropes. But clearly, this was intended as a joke about his friend mistaking Ebola for E. coli,
right? And anyway, he did apologize saying, as a white cis male, I recognize my privilege and would
never want to take that for granted. But I fucked up. I feel awful for posting what I said. I
understand why what I said was offensive and ignorant. And James hasn't made a habit of making
jokes like that ever since. So is this one tweet from two years ago that he apologized for on its
own enough evidence for us to justify labeling him a racist? Well, according to cancel culture,
absolutely. Abstraction takes us from two years ago, James Charles made a joke that referenced
his fear of getting Ebola in Africa to James Charles made a racist joke. And then essentialism
takes us to James Charles is a racist. Look, I want to pause to say I really do believe in social
justice, at least as much as trash like me believes in anything. And believe me, I am well aware that
jokes, irony, and even complaints about cancel culture are often used by bigots to cloak their
real agenda. The Southern Poverty Law Center even cited my video about how far right racists use
jokes and memes and mockery of SJWs as a way to camouflage their hateful beliefs and make them
more palatable to a wider audience. So I'm coming at this from a place of genuine concern for
anti-racism and anti-transphobia, as well as an awareness of the fact that cancel culture is often
just a conservative red herring used to shut down any and all complaints about racism or transphobia.
But I've also become very disillusioned with the way these accusations are thrown around so
frivolously on social media. By the way, they're used to escalate conflict instead of promote
understanding. And by the way, they're sometimes weaponized to destroy people who have made
mistakes, but who really don't deserve to be destroyed. Now, maybe you're thinking destroyed,
what do you mean destroyed? James is a 20 year old millionaire on his way to owning his own makeup
empire and you are completely correct. If you're James Charles, if you're a superstar, then being
canceled most likely does not destroy you. The cancelers blend into the general backdrop of
haters and they can set you back a few million subscribers and a lot of emotional turmoil,
but in the long run, they can't really touch your success. But here's the thing, what if you're not
James Charles? What if you're a small creator? What if you can't afford public relations help?
What if you belong to a marginalized community and you rely on that community for support?
Well, in that case, it's a whole different story.
Let's Irish up this coffee.
Shaken not stirred spilled all over my pussy.
That's good. Booze and coffee is a good combination. I'm feeling amped right now. I'm
feeling a hype. So this is the part in the video where I should admit that I'm not just a casual
observer here. At the time I'm making this video, sweaty, I'm super canceled. You know, I try to
make videos that are both informative and entertaining. So in this video, the information
is you get to learn about cancel culture and the entertainment is you get to watch a worm try to
wriggle off a hook. Let's get started. Forgive me father for I have sent a How are you? God,
I never wanted to be the kind of YouTuber who would resort to making videos about my own drama, but
things have gotten to a point. I feel like I cannot continue this channel until I spill some tea.
So let's get started. Okay, first, a little backstory, a little mise en scene. I've never
talked about this on my channel before. So this is a super fucking vulnerable moment for me. But
I am in fact, a transgender woman, which may come as a big shock to many of you since I'm 100%
real fash. I get comments all the time from like very solemn people like guys, I'm pretty sure
this is a dude. Great work, detective. You're cracked to the case. You're doing very good,
sweetie. Very, very good. But yes, as one of YouTube's leading B-list transgenders,
I am a prime target for cancellation and I have been canceled many, many times. And we're going
to talk about some of the things I've been canceled for and some of the things I've been criticized
for and the difference between criticism and canceling because yes, there is a difference.
As we go along, I will admit where I have made mistakes because despite how I look,
I am not a literal goddess and I will apologize where I believe apologies are due. However,
where I believe that criticism of me is excessive or unwarranted, I will not apologize because here
at ContraPoints Industries, we are not in the business of serving bullshit. So the reason
for my current cancellation is, in summary, that in my last video Opulence, I cast transsexual
porn star Buck Angel in the role of John Waters. And yes, it's a much better story than the hair
vitamin debacle. So notify the drama channels. Put in a good word for me because, sweetie,
I'm not here to make friends. I'm here to win. So basically I'm canceled for collaborating with Buck
Angel and a lot of trans people think Buck Angel is a horrible person. And so my collaboration with
Buck Angel is evidence that I too am a horrible person. Cancel culture trope six, the transitive
property of cancellation. Cancellation is infectious. If you associate with a canceled
person, the cancellation rubs off. It's like gonorrhea, except doxycycline won't save you
this time, sweetie. Look, this whole incident hinges, first of all, on whether Buck Angel is,
in fact, a horrible person. So who is Buck Angel? Well, he's a trans man of my parents' generation.
He grew up in a world where there was not anything like the visibility and access to information about
transition we have today and where there was a strict medical gatekeeping system in place
for people who wanted to transition. In fact, Buck was the first female to male patient his doctor
had ever treated. In the 2000s, he rose to prominence as an adult performer, his gimmick
at the time being the man with a pussy. But he also became an activist. He wanted to create more
positive trans representation within the porn world. And from there, he became a more general
educator and advocate for trans people. I first heard about him in the early 2010s when I was
doing some googling about some little gender issues I was having myself, although I ended up
deciding to remain a female. And Buck was one of the first female to male people I'd ever heard
about. And he made an impact on me in part because you take one look at him and you think, honey,
that's a man, but he was born a woman. You can do that. So it's not like he inspired me to
transition or anything. It's just, it was one of many moments along my whole entire gender journey.
So I had positive feelings about Trampot, that's what he calls himself, from back then. And then a
few months ago, when I was feeling angry and miserable and despised over another time I was
being canceled by trans Twitter, we'll get to that one later, I saw this post from Buck on Instagram.
Dear beautiful human being, I see your pain. It is okay that you lash out at me. You do this because
I am you and you are reflecting yourself hate to me. I am strong and will be here for you forever
and no matter what. This is my intention as a human being to help others love Buck Angel.
And then the caption, suffering. That is why the trans community lashes out at each other.
I am very aware of the hate towards me by some in the community. They hate on me and others because
they are hurt. And those were exactly the words I needed to hear at that moment. So I commented a
heart and then Buck DMed me and he said, I love you. And I was like, Sempai noticed me. And so
I said, I love you back. Then when I was working on Opulence, I needed a voice actor to do a line
from John Waters book. And it was my co-director Theron who suggested, don't you think Buck Angel
sounds kind of like John Waters? And I said, well, he just messaged me on Insta. Let's see if he
wants to do it. And I just loved the idea of having Buck Angel as John Waters in the video credits,
like a trans icon playing a gay icon in my head. It was just so, well, iconic. So I got in touch
with Buck about the line and he was like, yeah, I'd love to do it. So here it is. The 10 second
voiceover clip that ruined a month of my life. One must remember there is such a thing as good,
bad taste and bad, bad taste. To understand bad taste, one must have very good taste.
That's it, children. That's why mommy's canceled. Now I was aware at the time that trans Twitter
hated Buck Angel, but my thinking was, well, trans Twitter kind of hates every trans celebrity and
they certainly hate me. So I wasn't going to let that stop me. Little did I know,
quite how vicious things were about to get. Now, so far, I've been telling this story from my
point of view, but I do want to give a fair and balanced account. So I want to pause and
contextualize why some trans people hate Buck Angel so much they're willing to cancel anyone
who even associates with him. Basically, it all goes back to this old debate in the trans community
known today and Tumblr lingo as true scum versus trans trenders. So true scum are trans people who
distinguish between true trans people and fake trans people who they call trenders or two cutes.
Usually true scum think that what it is to be trans is to have a lifelong struggle with dysphoria,
to pursue a medical transition involving hormones and surgery, and to socially
reassimilate into your target binary gender. So male or female. Anyone who's not that,
according to true scum, must either be a confused teenager, someone just trying to get attention,
someone mistaking their trauma or their fetish for being trans in a word, a trender. So that's
a vige of transness that usually excludes non-binary people as well as people who don't
want to medically transition for whatever reason. And for that reason, this view is sometimes also
called trans medicalism. True scum obviously being the derogatory term for these people.
So true scum are very hated by a lot of trans people because their viewpoint is that not all
trans identities are valid and Buck Angel is widely perceived to be true scum. So the next
question to ask is, is this true? Is Buck Angel in fact true scum? Now my honest answer to that
question is, I don't know. He's certainly said some things that sound like things true scum say,
I'll give you that. A point he likes to make a lot is that he's transsexual, not transgender.
And the difference between those terms is sometimes defined as transsexual implies that you want to
pursue medical transition. So hormones and surgery and transgender doesn't imply that. And people
associate this I'm transsexual not transgender thing with true scum because true scum often
call themselves transsexuals and say that anyone who isn't a transsexual isn't really trans. And
often those people will be very mean to people they call trenders, especially certain trans
medicalist YouTubers like Vanessa LeBlanc and Too Cute Smasher 9000. Too Cute Smasher 9000.
Roast me back Calvin I dare you. But I think it's important to keep in mind that the term
true scum is a product of the 2014 tumblr wars and trying to apply it to trans people of an older
generation can sometimes be misleading. Like when Buck Angel transitioned the word transsexual
was just the word for his identity and he still identifies that way. So when younger trans people
tell him it's wrong to use the word transsexual he feels like these ungrateful millennials are
invalidating his identity and I do understand where he's coming from with that. But I also
understand why a lot of non binary people are skeptical about Buck. Like he says again and again
I'm transsexual not transgender like don't mix me up with those people and that eagerness to
separate himself from transgender people it comes across as hostility. Like I don't think he's ever
actually said that non binary people aren't valid but I personally don't like that he seems like he
wants to distance himself from them. And that's my disagreement with Buck it's not that he invalidates
non-binary identities because I don't really see him doing that. And if he was doing that I would
have seen it because for the last two months a lot of people have been doing nothing but sending me
problematic Buck Angel tweets. But as someone who cares a lot about non-binary people and who
loves the non-binary people in my life it does upset me when he does this distancing thing.
And I hope he listens to this criticism because I think it would be cool if he got better about
this. Of course Buck is technically right that there are different kinds of trans people and I
agree it's important that we can make those distinctions and talk about the differences
when they're relevant. But I also think that as a community trans people benefit from unity not
division. Like if you have an employer who discriminates against trans people they're not
going to care if you're transsexual transgender non-binary or gender non-conforming they're going
to discriminate against you regardless. So we're all in this together and there's a lot of
disagreements among us and we often don't get along so well but politically I think we should
work together as much as possible instead of splitting into little factions because we share
most of the same interests. And I think the best way to do that is to build bridges instead of
burning them and that's why I'm willing to work with people like Buck Angel who I have some
disagreements with. It creates a connection you know and having that connection can lead to
communication and build understanding. Also I need all the connections I can get Gorg I am
very lonely. It's not a joke it's true. Now I get that some people have views that are so
harmful that giving them a platform is potentially dangerous. But in any case I didn't even give
Buck a platform to share his opinions I gave him a platform to be a John Waters impersonator. A bunch
of people on my subreddit were like why couldn't she just get John Waters to do those lines? Well
first of all I don't actually know John but I just have a feeling he would write me off as some kind
of trashy millennial SJW. Like why is Buck Angel cancelled but John Waters isn't? Well because
trans twitter does not know who John Waters is and let's try to keep it that way. I actually
mentioned this to a friend of mine who knows John and he told me that he and John have actually
watched Buck Angel's porn together so plot twist. Okay so trans twitter won't forgive me unless I
condemn Buck Angel as true scum and apologize for ever working with him. But I'm not going to do
that because I don't think it would be the right thing to do and doing it just to get myself
uncancelled would be cowardly. I'm happy to tell you I absolutely disagree with Buck's divisive
rhetoric about transsexual versus transgender. I wish he would be an ally to the whole transgender
umbrella instead of trying to distance himself from the rest. And I'm happy to hear at the
perspective of non-binary people who don't trust him because I totally get where they're coming
from and I think that's valid. But I also respect the decades of good activism Buck Angel has done
for trans people and I am grateful to him for that. And in light of that I'm willing to give
him the benefit of the doubt about where his heart is and express my criticism in a more measured way
than just attacking who he is as a person. But Twitter needs to establish that he's a horrible
person because this is the strategy they've chosen to establish that I am a horrible person.
And if the true scum allegation isn't strong enough to prove it, oh they have other pieces
of evidence to fall back on to hold up their conclusion. For example, here's a tweet claiming,
Natalie is trying so fucking hard to make it sound like the only thing Buck Angel ever did
was write a few iffy tweets and that's just so fucking far from the truth. Dude launched a
targeted tabloid harassment campaign outing a trans woman against her will with a specific intent
of causing her physical, emotional, and professional harm. The shorter way of saying that is that he
wanted to make her suffer and she very well could have been killed. Yikes. This ain't it chief.
Friendly reminder that this isn't a good look. Maybe don't try to get trans women killed.
Disappointing. It sounds pretty serious. Let's investigate. Here's what I've managed to piece
together. Scene 1. The year is 2003. Los Angeles, where the movie world, the porn world, and the
BDSM scene come together in a tale of heartbreak, betrayal, and transsexualism. La La Land. Dramatas
Persanay. Buck Angel, transsexual porn star. Ilse Strix, dominatrix, then wife of Buck Angel.
Lana Wieczowski, wildly successful director of The Matrix, at the time not yet out as a
transgender woman. The synopsis is that Ilse Strix and Buck Angel's marriage ended after Ilse had an
affair with Lana Wieczowski, who was not yet out as trans. So Buck was understandably upset about
the affair and in what seems like a petty act of revenge told a series of magazines that this
celebrity director Wieczowski was a cross-dresser who had stolen his wife, which I guess was the
information he had at the time. So is that outing a trans woman against her will? Well in retrospect
it seems like it, though that may not be what he thought he was doing at the time. But to really
get to the bottom of this, we have to do some digging. We have to trawl through the dirty
details of trans people's personal histories, which I've noticed is one of the internet's favorite
activities. So I actually went on eBay and I purchased Rolling Stone issue 991 January 2006
and I'm finally able to reveal that the seller cancelled the order. God damn it.
But I was finally able to track down and translate a Spanish version of the Rolling Stone article
from the Wayback Machine and I'm finally able to expose the truth. Stop. Freeze exactly where you
are. Take a look at yourself and what all of us have been doing for the last 30 seconds. Who does
this behavior remind you of? If your answer is social justice advocates fighting for trans equality,
you are incorrect. If your answer is creepy stalkers who hate trans people,
I am very suspicious of anyone whose online behavior prompts me to dig through articles
full of dead names and sorted scandals involving trans people from almost two decades ago. This is
very similar to techniques used against trans people by internet fascists. So I'm pretty
suspicious of anyone pushing this kind of investigation. How can you tell the difference
between a trans anarcho-socialist with an anime avatar and a Nazi pretending to be a trans
anarcho-socialist with an anime avatar? Well, you can't. Anonymous is anonymous is anonymous,
whether it's on 4chan or Twitter. So unless Buck Angel, Ilse Strix, or Lana Wachowski gets in touch
with me and lets me know that for some unimaginable reason they want me to publicly dig up their 17
year old divorce drama, this is none of my fucking business. And it's none of yours either. So shut
up and go back to Keeley Farms where you belong. Let's Irish up this tea.
Doesn't work as well with tea. So, setting aside any tabloid drama that may have happened during
the Bush administration, I'm saying this in a cuntiest way and they deserve it. They fucking
deserve the cuntiness. I'm spilling whiskey tea all over my goddamn bathroom. I'm a lady.
She's a woman. The main argument against me usually references a collage of Buck Angel's
problematic tweets. And this is supposed to be definitive evidence that he is a horrible person
and therefore that I am a horrible person for collaborating with him. Well, here's the thing
though. A collage of problematic tweets does not define a person. And I'm very used to being
defined that way myself so I know how unfair it can be. Before I ever collaborated with Buck Angel,
a lot of people on Twitter were already calling me truscum. That's been going on a year and a half
now. And anytime my name comes up on Twitter, a bunch of people respond saying Natalie is truscum,
Natalie is a trans medicalist, Natalie hates non-binary people, and you should really think
what kind of message you're sending to your trans and non-binary followers by platforming her. And
if the person defends me or argues back in any way, they say, I can't believe you're ignoring
the valid concerns of marginalized people. You know, they're weaponizing their marginalized
status as trans people to isolate and attack another trans person. And sometimes this stuff
gets to my head too. I start asking myself, wait, am I a trans medicalist? Do I really
believe all these awful things they say I believe? But the answer is no, I just don't. These things
they're saying about me are 100% not true. You know, believe marginalized people is a norm that
is encouraged in leftist spaces for good reason, much like believe victims or believe women. And
these norms were established to counterbalance the mainstream tendency, which is not to listen
to marginalized people or to victims or to women. But any norm can be abused. And the blunt fact of
the matter is sometimes marginalized people are wrong. Sometimes people calling themselves victims
are obscuring a more complicated situation. And it's even happened once or twice that a woman
has lied. And the accusation that I'm truscum is simply false. I mean, first of all, I don't even
think of my own transgenderism as a medical disorder, much less everyone else's. I have,
of course, collaborated with Dr. Spiegel at all, but I will not have my artistry reduced to mere
medicine. Second, this accusation that I hate non-binary people is just no, no, no. My thinking
about trans identity has always been informed by non-binary people. I used to identify as
non-binary myself before I medically transitioned. And some of the closest people to me in my life
today are non-binary trans people, some of whom are also transsexuals incidentally. It's complicated.
I've also made at least five videos on this channel arguing for the validity of non-binary
gender identities going back more than three years. So that's five out of around 50 videos or
10% of the content I've made on this channel is about non-binary identity. A few months ago,
I even made a 30-minute video called Transtrenders, which uses character dialogue to show what I
think are the shortcomings of transmedicalism. But there's still hundreds of people on Twitter
saying that I'm truscum who hates non-binary people. And their main piece of evidence for that
is a collage of my problematic tweets. So let's take a look at that. Here's the three tweets that
I usually see scrapbooked together as definitive proof that I hate non-binary people. This is the
first one from September 2018. Notice how it's taken out of context from the thread so you can't
even see what I'm talking about. I'm sure this is not the experience of many Enbies. Envy means
non-binary people. I leave it to them to articulate what Envy existence looks like in a binary world.
I do not and I cannot speak for them. But surely an account, god I used to write like such a nerd,
but surely an account that begins and ends with I'm not a man because I don't identify as one
is pretty weak. Okay, when I wrote the Twitter thread that that tweet has been clipped out of,
I was defending myself from accusations that my most recent video at the time,
The Aesthetic, was anti-non-binary. In that video, there's a character named Justine who defends a
version of the performativity theory of gender. And basically I made this video to express some
angst I was feeling about the pressures of transitioning in the public eye. This was a very
one year on hormones moment for me. And I've already moved on in my thinking. At that time,
I was very, um, my behavior must be perfectly feminine at all times or else I'm not really a
woman. My self-esteem is totally based on sleeping with heterosexual men who resemble my father.
And anyone who knows anything about trans women knows that most of us go through a stage like
this at some point. And some YouTubers never get out of it. But personally, I mean these days,
it doesn't matter what I wear. It's when I dream their Lily's dreams.
Dragging the Danish girl. Well, fuck the Danish. I could never abide that sort of person. We all
know what I'm talking about. You can tell the whiskey is getting to me because I'm
being bigoted against the Danish. These things come out, you know, you get honest, you get real
when you get a little bit of the Irish in your system. Did I just fucking put lipstick outside
the fucking lip liner? This is all Lily's fault. Lily Alba. Fuck her dreams. Uh, the point is when
I was making the aesthetic, I wasn't even thinking about non-binary people. And people will say that
the fact that not every video I make references non-binary people is itself and be phobic. As I've
said about one in 10 of my videos is about non-binary identity, but not all of them are. And I feel
entitled to make some videos that are just about trans women. But still, some people on Twitter
were saying that the character Justine is a transmedicalist. And because she maybe wins the
fictional debate in the video, I, Natalie Wynn, am therefore a transmedicalist. Here's the thing,
though. The performativity theory of gender, the one that Justine defends in that video, is
conceptually as far away from transmedicalism as it is possible to be. Transmedicalism says that
trans identity is biological, it's neurological, it's hormonal, it's diagnosable and treatable.
Whereas performativity says that gender is gesture, it's expression, it's performance, it's a
social phenomenon, phenomenon, phenomenon, phenomenon, phenomenon, phenomenon. Performativity
makes no reference to gender dysphoria or to any kind of medical concept at all. So whereas
transmedicalism is a kind of bio-essentialism, performativity is a kind of social constructionism.
So these are exact opposite theories of gender. Are you following along, class? I'm not ready to
drink Jameson tea until I die. But some trans people felt invalidated by things Justine says
in that video. And transmedicalism is another thing that makes them feel invalidated. So they
decided that Justine is a transmedicalist and therefore that I am a transmedicalist. And this
is literally just bad media comprehension. Like it's a failure to plausibly interpret a video
that some people did find genuinely emotionally difficult. And so much of the negative response
to that video is just pure emotion. I always hear, I don't care what you intended, trans people were
hurt by that video. You hurt trans people. But here's the thing, just because you were hurt by
content I made doesn't mean that the content is bad or that I'm victimizing you in some way.
I'll give an example. I did a stream a couple years ago with a BDSM and kink activist. We're
talking about various kinks and we got to DDLG, which is Daddy Don Little Girl. Basically when
consenting adults roleplay age difference and the power dynamic that comes with that. And me and
this kink activists were just casually discussing what DDLG is, what it isn't, when I noticed
someone in the chat was starting to totally freak out. They were typing in all caps like,
my abuser used DDLG to justify raping me. Why are you defending my abuser? I can't believe you'd
betray me like this. Please stop taking my abuser's side. Please stop. I'm begging you. This was
actually really fucking upsetting to me because this person was clearly in a lot of pain. They
were having a panic attack because they were having a trauma trigger reaction to this
conversation. And I kept telling them to leave the stream and take care of themselves, but they
wouldn't do it. So I had to block them and then later get in touch and make sure they were okay.
Now, was their pain very real? Yes. Was it triggered by the content I was streaming?
Yes. But does that mean I did anything wrong? No. Is it wrong to talk about kink and contacts
where it's clear you're going to be talking about kink? No. But when you produce content
online that's going to be viewed by thousands or millions of people, there's always some people
out there who are going to be hurt by it. So if you want to argue that a tweet or a video I made
is somehow immoral, I think you need more of an argument than just people were hurt. All right,
back to the tweet. To this day, people quote tweet the sentence, but surely an account that begins
and ends with I'm not a man because I don't identify as one is pretty weak. And they claim
this is evidence that I'm true scum or that I think people have to prove their identity somehow,
which is not at all what I was saying in that thread. What I was saying is if you're trying to
persuade a skeptic that trans identity is valid, simply saying I'm not a man because I don't
identify as one isn't a very good argument, which it isn't. I mean, no one has ever been persuaded
by that so far as I'm aware. That said, I do now disagree with the mindset I had when I tweeted
this. Back then, I still delusionally believed that it was possible to rationally explain why
trans identity is valid. And I was simply looking for a more persuasive argument than this is how I
identify you have to believe me no further questions. But I no longer believe there can't
be any rational justification of gender identity, which is another reason I'm not a trans
medicalist. Trans medicalism tries to be a rational theory about why trans identity is valid,
and I don't think it succeeds as that. I don't think anything does. My current opinion about
this is that I'm not a man because I don't identify as one is as good or rather as bad an argument as
any. You know, some things in life just can't be rationally explained. Like love. Why do you love
the person you love? Well, because you love them. You could write a poem about it or some gay shit
like that, but you can't give any actual arguments. And why am I a woman? Because I'm a woman. That's
it. I mean, I can describe my experiences and my feelings to you to help you understand better,
but I can't logically prove anything. And I'm super fucking sorry if you can't handle that
mankind was set adrift in an absurd world that must be super fucking hard for you. Tell me all
about it. Next, please. Okay, again, we're mid thread with missing context, but the tweet says,
whereas I've met 20 year olds in full on boy mode who are like, hi, I'm a trans woman. She,
her pronouns. So I guess by including this tweet in the ContraPoints is problematic collage,
people are implying that I don't think it's valid for someone who presents male to identify as a
woman and request she, her pronouns. Well, that's not true. I was surprised when I first experienced
this, but I think it's valid. Next. Okay. Mid thread, no context once again, but now you go
into these leftist discord slash Facebook groups and like 20 to 30% identify as some flavor of
trans. Most of them are not conventional binary transsexuals. That seems to be the future. Okay.
Well, it's true that many leftist discord servers are like this, but reading this back, I don't like
the way the phrase conventional binary transsexuals is hitting my ear. I can see how it could imply
that non-binary identities are somehow new fangled, which isn't true. There's been non-binary
people for longer than there's been medical transsexuals. In fact, so we'll call this a
bad tweet. I apologize for tweeting it and I apologize to any non-binary people who felt
trivialized by it. Okay. This is the big one. This tweet got its own article in the fucking guardian.
You know, I really wish people would pay less attention to the tweets. I spent 30 seconds
writing and a little more attention to the videos that I spend, you know, hundreds of hours making.
Anyway, let's look at the tweet. This is the most scrutinized paragraph I've ever written.
And it's so mediocre. This has happened to me before in hyper woke spaces. Like it's me and a
bunch of cis women, and we all have to go in a circle saying she, her, because I'm there.
There's this paradox where I can go to a sports bar in North Carolina and be miss mammed all night.
No question, but in self-consciously trans inclusive spaces, I have to explain my pronouns
and watch woke people awkwardly correct themselves every time they say you guys. I guess it's good
for people who use they them only and want only gender neutral language, but it comes at the minor
expense of semi passable trans is like me. And that's super fucking hard for us. So people
interpreted this tweet as me being against the practice of sharing pronouns, which I'm literally
just not. Like I've actually been the person who initiates the pronoun circle many times.
The backstory of this tweet is basically that I once got triggered in a situation where I was
with a bunch of cis women and we all had to go around saying our pronouns and like a typical
triggered train, I tiptoed over to Twitter to tip tap, type it out. But here's the thing,
by the end of this thread, I had already talked myself away from the initial frustration I was
expressing. If you know my videos in my voice, then you know me saying it comes at the minor
expense of semi passable trans is in that super fucking hard for us is sarcastic. It's a minor
expense. It's not actually very hard for us. Gorge. It's fine. But people on Twitter don't
watch my videos and they don't get sarcasm. So people flipped out over this. I was getting drag
and I made the poor decision to try to solve the tweet problem with more tweeting, which 100% of
the time is like trying to put out a fire with lighter fluid. So me and my dumb brain did another
short thread trying to clarify what I was saying and defending my right to talk about my own
experiences. That didn't make things any better. So in a state of anger and frustration, I tweeted
out yet another thread. And this time I said some truly stupid things, including the now
infamous line. I sometimes feel like the last of the old school transsexuals. I honestly don't
know what the fuck I was even trying to say. I don't feel like the last of the old school
transsexuals. I don't even know what that means. I guess I basically meant that offline, I don't
have any radical aspirations. You know, I want to be inconspicuous. I want to blend in. And that's
what I meant by old school. You know, I want people to assume my pronouns. You know, it's funny because
it is very different from the way I am online where I'm totally shameless and open. I'm like
sexual confession, everybody sexual confession. I have abnormal urges. It's 1am. My neighbors can
definitely hear that. They know I have abnormal urges now. They already knew that. But offline,
I'm an inconspicuous pussy, like a total coward. So this was a rage thread. And I apologize for
tweeting it. Let's go back to Bug Angel. I'm kind of a conscientious objector to the practice of
condemning someone based on a collage of their worst tweets taken out of context. But I definitely
do have anxiety about this. Like, I think I'm doing the right thing by not condemning Buck as
true scum and evil, but I mean, I could be wrong. What if I am basically sacrificing myself for the
sake of a person who really is as bad as Twitter says? Maybe tomorrow he'll tweet fuck non-binary
people and then I'll have fucked up. This whole thing is incredibly stressful to me. But I do
believe that by refusing to participate in the anti-Buck Angel pylon, I am erring on the morally
safer side of things. Because even if he is a little true scummy, excommunicating him from the
trans community is still probably not the best approach to take. In my experience, when people
accept binary but not non-binary trans people, it usually takes like a 30-minute conversation
to win them over to some level of non-binary acceptance. And I'll give you a couple examples.
The first time I was ever cancelled, like totally trashed on Twitter, was back in 2017,
when I had not yet medically transitioned, and at the time, I identified as non-binary.
And at VidCon 2017, I met up with a YouTuber named June, who had made some videos where she
basically mocked the idea of non-binary people. And I posted a picture of the brunch I had with June,
and some other people, but let's keep them out of it. And people on Twitter totally dragged me
for being a peak liberal bootlicker who's best friends with transphobic abusers.
Christ. Fucking people, man. It's so fucking frustrating. And you know, I'm not gonna
claim I changed June's mind because I don't know what her thought process was,
but I did talk to her about non-binary identity, and she did remove her anti-non-binary videos.
And I don't have any regrets about that brunch.
Aaaah!
Example two. A couple months later, I did a live stream with a conservative trans woman YouTuber
named, um, what was her name? Sharon? Sharon? Was it Sharon? I guess she's just not a very
memorable person. Anyway, she had made some videos saying that non-binary identities aren't real,
but I gave her a chance, and she surprised me by being super compassionate and thoughtful.
By the end of that stream, she was pretty much totally accepting of my identity. So again,
the point is not that I'm some kind of persuasive genius. If I was a persuasive genius, maybe I
could talk myself out of being canceled. The point is that sometimes, people who seem ignorant or
hateful just need to be given a non-judgmental space to learn and grow and think. And to just
condemn them as hopeless bigots actually prevents that growth from happening. And Sharon, despite
her, you know, totally forgettable personality, turned out to be an incredibly open-minded person.
Like later on, she actually made an apology video to non-binary people, and I became good
friends with her, and we worked together on most of the videos I've made this year. You know,
until she ruined my life by recommending a cancelled John Waters impersonator. I guess
the moral is never talk to people you disagree with. It will only lead to pain.
I do think there's something off with my hormone dose. Like, I'm crying three times a day. Oh,
and I can't come unless there's vibrators in at least three of my holes. It happens like once a
month, there has to be a full moon. I honestly only still bother because it numbs the pain for
a few moments. What I'm trying to say is I really do believe in conversation, which means hearing
out multiple perspectives. I don't want my audience to get all their information about trans
people from me, and I think it's important to listen to criticism. So I encourage my audience
to go watch some non-binary YouTubers who have criticized me and criticized Buck Angel. For
example, go check out non-binary YouTuber Luxander's video about me, and non-binary YouTuber Corviday's
video about Buck Angel. I think YouTube, as a platform, is better at producing criticism
rather than canceling. And I think that's because, at least in the vlog format,
making a video forces you to confront the fact that you're a human being with a face and a name
who can be held accountable for the things that you say. But people on Twitter, it's a different
story, and I think it's time we take a look at what canceling really is. I've given you enough
context now for you to understand what I'm about to show you, which is what I saw on my timeline
every day for nearly a month. All these tweets are from the aftermath of my uploading Opulence
two months ago, when the Buck Angel scandal first broke. And someone better hold my hand now,
because this gets ugly. Hey, if any of you still support ContraPoints after her bigging up and
collaborating with notable turf favorite and true scum Buck Angel, you're no friend to gender
non-conforming, non-passing, and non-binary trans people. Fuck her, and fuck her fucking rift.
I am absolutely furious right now. Weird how I'm 30 and trans and manage not to be a true scum,
maybe I'm just some kind of anomaly. Or maybe ContraPoints is a conniving rat fucking
tapo who could do with a fully wound backhand to the mouth. Since I'm out of Twitter jail now,
I just want to say fuck ContraPoints, her sycophantic stance, and all her bread tube chums who close
ranks to protect her after she throws the rest of the trans community under the bus for profit.
Natalie Wynn is a fucking grifter. ContraPoints videos are now just style over substance,
so that explains why she took the turf ideology so well. ContraPoints working with true scum now
definitively proves that pretty much everyone defending ContraPoints just hates enbies,
and are also true scum. Legit gonna start on following peeps that continue to follow ContraPoints
at this point. Do know my wording of pretty much everyone. I know there are some that were probably
blindsided by this somehow. So long as you know that ContraPoints is true scum, you're safe
and cool. Eat shit, Natalie. For someone who used to identify as genderqueer, we expected more from
you, but I guess when your head's this far up your own ass, it's hard to consider others. ContraPoints,
more like disappoints. That's a good one. If you're gonna drag me, at least be funny.
Fuck fuck, angel. Fuck ContraPoints. Fuck any real transsexual. Fuck your grift. Here's what
hashtag ContraPoints stands don't understand. If Natalie refuses to accept that she has an apology
to make and continues profiting from it, it will become our responsibility to work on deplatforming
her just like every other racist, sexist, bigoted content creator. No one has actually suggested or
attempted to actually cancel her, but the longer this goes on without an apology and commitment to
do better, the stronger the case becomes for actively working to deplatform her. So in other
words, no one has suggested we cancel her, but we should cancel her. Great. Can everyone finally
agree that ContraPoints belongs directly inside a garbage can? Here I am, sweetie. ContraPoints
collaborating with Angel Buck. Angel Buck. Thanks for letting us all know that you had no idea who
he even was until Twitter notified you what to be outraged about. ContraPoints collaborating with
Angel Buck, a trans medicalist who once outed a trans person to try and destroy them and supporting
him because he looks and sounds like a proper man, isn't a small itty bitty tipsy topsy fucking
mistake. This is a huge deal. ContraPoints could be literally collaborating with Hitler.
We have a Hitler comparison. Could be literally collaborating with Hitler today. And y'all would
be like, oh, well, she's just a little flawed, you know, fuck off. Can Natalie Wynn stop being
a coward and commit to being a trans med? It's really tiring to watch this happen every week.
Natalie Wynn is a spoiled brat who refuses to take accountability. Anyone who supports Natalie Wynn
does not support non-binary people. Natalie Wynn is such a terrible person. My God. Every cis and
not non-binary person who thought Natalie Wynn wasn't trans med now owes me and every non-binary
person $50. Joe Biden has a better position on the validity of non-binary gender than ContraPoints.
My opinion is that ContraPoints really sucks a lot and I don't like her. I hate ContraPoints so
goddamn much. It's unbelievable. ContraPoints be like, it's a very good impression of me. You're
doing very good, sweetie. You're doing very, very good. Buck Angel is a turf apologizer, boot looker,
and true scum. Any association with him must be seen as hostile to the trans community as a whole,
let alone denial of non-binary existence. That's the line in the sand, folks. Where do you stand?
And here we fucking are, dude. Buck fucking Angel on ContraPoints. Eat my entire ass.
What? This is Natalie. Natalie is a trans medicalist. This is Natalie's friend Lindsay. Lindsay is a
left-tuber. Natalie and Lindsay are still friends because Natalie and Lindsay are both cowards.
Left-tuber is a grip. Oh, and they made me the man. The shade. Issues that arose with
being in Contra's new video. Her video on turfs make no sense now. Her video on trans
trenders make no sense now. You know, if your interpretation of why I cast Buck Angel totally
contradicts the videos I spent hundreds of hours making, do you think maybe your interpretation
could be wrong? Apparently not. Her apology is completely void, sends a message that she hates
non-binary people. She is reckless with her content. Positive said arose from Buck Angel
being in Contra's new video. She, uh, has four hundred thousand dollars this month from Patreon.
Four hundred thousand. This number is completely made up. Like, it is exponentially wrong. Four
hundred thousand dollars. Four hundred thousand dollars a month. Hot take. ContraPoints is the
leftist PewDiePie. Personally, I like to characterize her as the Blair White Wolf and
leftist sheep's clothing. Reminder that ContraPoints is a piece of shit who still has not
apologized for platforming Truscum and is actively taking their side. Anyway, if you still support
ContraPoints, get the hell away from me. Pee pee poo poo. I'm ContraPoints and I can't stop being
a trans medicalist and shitting myself in public. Valid criticisms of marginalized people. Fuck
ContraPoints. Fuck Truscum. ContraPoints is a Truscum. ContraPoints is a Truscum. ContraPoints
is a Truscum. ContraPoints is a Truscum. ContraPoints is a Trus- You know, when you repeat the same
fucking sentence over and over again, it doesn't- you don't even repeat the same sentence over and
over again. It actually doesn't get more persuasive. In fact, it might get less persuasive
because true things usually only have to be said once. If you still support ContraPoints,
unfollow me immediately and never interact with me again. In conclusion,
fuck Natalie Wynn and fuck everything she has to say.
Okay, let's get started. So, that was just a sample of hundreds and hundreds of tweets.
And all of this, let me remind you, is over a 10 second voiceover clip in a 48 minute video
about a completely unrelated topic. Like, how do you work? How do you create when a decision so
trivial can become the main event for weeks of your life? And the tweets are just the beginning.
After that, there's the Reddit threads and the YouTube comments and the Facebook discourse and
the Medium posts and the Newsweek article. Opulence is a video me and Theron spent hundreds
of hours carefully piecing together. I think it's my best video. And to have the response to it
completely overwhelmed by one minor casting decision is heartbreaking and infuriating to me.
And it's left me with much less energy to create new things. But here's the thing,
people on Twitter saying mean things about me is not the worst of it, not even close.
Like, I'm a politically opinionated trans woman who publicly transitioned while making anti-fascist
content on a notoriously right wing platform. Sweaty, I am so used to reading mean things about
myself online. Most of you probably can't even begin to imagine how used to it I am.
And the way you psychologically survive in that situation is you block the people in
platforms who are harassing you and you pay it no mind. But there's some things you can't block.
And a big one is you can't block people from going after your friends and colleagues. And that is
exactly what people did to me at the height of the Buck Angel incident. Lindsay Ellis,
Ollie from PhilosophyTube, and Hbomberguy all got inundated with tweets demanding that they
publicly disown me, a person they've all been friends with for years or else. In response to
demands that she apologize, Lindsay released a statement where she said, I was not involved in
opulence. My name was mentioned in it, but I did not participate in the production. Therefore,
with regards to calls for me to apologize, I have to ask, apologize for what? There is only
one logical answer. Apologize for being friends with Natalie. And here's a response to her
statement. I don't need to consider you my fucking friend to disagree with beliefs you knowingly
solicit or allow on your platform. Same with Contra. It just means you're willing to allow
awful ideas to fester for the sake of financial gain, which is fine, but it makes you a piece of
shit. And here's a comment at Hbomberguy. I doubt that you were going to read this,
but can you please just tell us your thoughts on that whole situation so we could at least know
that you were on our side? We don't want to have to cancel all of y'all and cause BreadTube to go
into his schism as a result of this. Thank you. Nice YouTube channel you have, fair friend.
Would be a shame if someone canceled it. I'm so fucking sinister. Ollie of PhilosophyTube
released his own statement affirming his support of non-binary people, but adding,
Sadly, I've also been harassed, threatened, doxed, had my private life speculated on,
and my loved ones insulted. In recognizing the feelings of those who kindly raised their
concerns in a polite way, I do not wish to legitimize the great many people who use their
hurt as a cover for unacceptable toxic and abusive behavior. And here are some responses to Ollie.
As a non-binary fan of yours, I'm disappointed in this non-apology.
Again, what exactly is he supposed to be apologizing for? Ever having associated with
me? Things we are going to criticize Ollie PhilosophyTube for. Being a sniveling,
hypocritical piece of shit, refusing to listen to trans people, actively,
openly, and repeatedly mocking the trans people he refuses to listen to.
Thanks for the apology. Now stop and door some contra points.
Now keep in mind that what these Twitter people are doing is demanding that cis people publicly
condemn a trans woman for loosely associating with another trans person. Does that strike
anyone else as wildly inappropriate? Even Mia Mulder, a trans woman who is never publicly
associated with me, got attacked because she tweeted a heart at Ollie, you know,
after he made the post discussing being doxed and threatened. And just for that,
she gets put on the anime list. I'm sad to say that Mia is on the list of people that have stood
by contra points as she's continued to be a bigoted piece of shit. To which Mia responds,
stood by contra points, Jesus Christ. No matter what I do, people call me out and I'm not even
related to the video and I don't even know Natalie. The chain of guilt by association is so
long and twisted, I can barely even follow it. So they're going after Mia, who tweeted a heart at
Ollie, who failed to condemn me for my voiceover casting of Buck Angel, who was retweeted,
by a turf. We're only missing a couple degrees of separation before every living person on the
planet Earth is cancelled over the Buck Angel situation. And several colleagues of mine,
by the way, Lindsay Harry Ollie, they all took a financial hit over this. They've all lost some
Patreon support. One of Lindsay's former supporters even demanded a $38 lifetime refund saying,
Dear Lindsay, I'm sorry for being pushy, but I really am going to be needing a refund.
I gave money to your operation under the pretense that you wouldn't do anything morally
objectionable and supporting contra points and blaming us for taking issue with that is,
in my opinion, amoral. Please respond. I hope she's sent it to them in pennies.
So look, I'm very grateful to my colleagues for sticking by me through all this, but I'm also
aware that I'm becoming a burden to anyone who associates with me. I have no collaborators in
this video. I'm working on this totally alone because I'm aware of how radioactive I am right
now and I don't want to contaminate anyone else. During the height of this most recent canceling,
a creator I admire DMed me to let me know. I cut the shout out to you in my last video because I
was nervous to draw the ire of your detractors who are getting genuinely scary, but I wouldn't
want you to think I was disavowing you regardless of how many people are asking me to. Jesus Christ.
The situation here is that any cis person who defends me or even associates with me in any way
will be labeled a transphobe. Any binary trans person who associates with me will be branded an
enbyphobe. And any non-binary people who associate with me will be ostracized from their own
community. So in the internet I find myself increasingly alone. I'm isolated by the harassment.
And that is ultimately the point, to exile me from my community, from any community. And it's
all because I refuse to participate in doing exactly that to bug Angel. My experiences have
made me so disillusioned with the idea that social media callouts can lead to any kind of justice
that have essentially sworn off participating in them. There's a fairly prominent figure in
leftist politics who I could absolutely hashtag me to, but I'm never going to do it because I have
no faith left in the process of callout vigilante justice. And I'm not saying I'm totally against
me toing people, because I think in some cases it totally is the brave and admirable thing to do.
But in my case, I feel like I just know too much about the dark side of social media shaming to
ever want to participate in it again. You know, I feel like the story would end up being taken out
of my control, warped and twisted in all kinds of unpredictable ways. It would end up just haunting
both me and the person I'd be accusing, which in this case, honestly, neither of us deserves.
So I'm just not willing to take that risk, except maybe in some very extreme situation,
which this just isn't. It's not worth it. And likewise, when a mob is at my doorstep demanding
I condemn bug Angel to save myself from cancellation, no. I'm just not going to do that.
I'm a conscientious objector. I'm willing to go to Twitter jail for this. Take me away, boys.
Ugh. If there's one thing I can't stand, it's bread tube videos.
Part eight and a half. The philosophy of being fucked in the ass. Ugh. I have done this to
YouTube and I'm sorry. So look, canceling is not criticism. It is not holding someone accountable.
It is an attack on a human being. In this video, I use the word canceling
more or less synonymously with what feminist Joe Freeman, author of the Bitch Manifesto,
calls trashing. And I've linked her essay, Trashing the Dark Side of Sisterhood,
and the description. It was originally published in Ms. Magazine in 1976, but it is a perfect
description of what goes on on trans Twitter today. It is not disagreement. It is not conflict. It is
not opposition. These are perfectly ordinary phenomena, which, when engaged in mutually,
honestly, and not excessively, are necessary to keep an organism or organization healthy and active.
Trashing is a particularly vicious form of character assassination which amounts to
psychological rape. It is manipulative, dishonest, and excessive. It is occasionally
disguised by the rhetoric of honest conflict, or covered up by denying that any disapproval
exists at all, but it is not done to expose disagreements or resolve differences. It is done
to disparage and destroy. Whatever methods are used, trashing involves a violation of one's
integrity, a declaration of one's worthlessness, and an impugning of one's motives. In effect,
what is attacked is not one's actions or one's ideas, but one's self. And that's what
distinguishes trashing, bullying, or abuse from criticism, or holding accountable.
Criticism attacks your actions or beliefs. But when people are canceling me,
they're not bringing up my problematic tweets because they want me to revise my beliefs. No,
what they're doing is accumulating evidence to support the case they've decided to make
that I am a horrible person who must be shunned. You know, the only sense in which I am, as they
like to say, the new Blair White, is that I think I actually have now snatched Vanessa's crown as
the most hated tran on Tran Twitter. Vanessa, I'm trying to feud with you. Feud with me,
god damn it. You can have a one-sided feud. I don't want to be one of those trans YouTubers
that just drags other trans people all day and they never respond. That would be really pathetic.
The new Lazy Green. That's the other one. The newest in a series of women you've decided to
treat like supervillains. Maybe reflect on that habit a little bit, hm? And supervillain
is the right word. Like, I'm the bad guy. Duh. I'm the enemy. And what you do with the enemy?
Well, you disavow, disown, deplatform, and destroy. As that one tweet put it,
that's the line in the sand, folks. Where do you stand? If you adequately demonstrate your searing
hatred of Natalie Wynn, then you're safe and cool. But if you don't, you're on the wrong side
of the line, sweaty. And you, too, are now the enemy. Cancel Culture, Trove 7. Dualism.
Certain ancient religions teach their followers to understand the cosmos as they struggle between
light and dark, good and evil. And cancel culture does more or less the same thing.
It's binary thinking. People are either good or they're bad. And to add to that essentialism,
if a person says or does a bad thing, we should interpret that as the mask slipping,
as a momentary glimpse of their essential wickedness. And anyone who wants to remain good
had better be willing to publicly condemn anyone the community has decided is bad.
There really is something dystopian about this. You have to be willing to accuse other people
to prove your own innocence. That's the line in the sand, folks. Where do you stand?
In the most extreme version of this, all bad people are equally bad. So collaborating with
truscum means you may as well be truscum. And, of course, being truscum is tantamount to being a
turf. And on trans Twitter, it is a known fact that turfs are Nazis. And this implies that Nazis,
turfs, truscum, people who associate with truscum, people who fail to condemn people who
associate with truscum, people who offer emotional support to people who fail to condemn people who
associate with truscum, all of them must be treated the same way. Deplatform her just like
every other racist, sexist, bigoted content creator. A fully wound backhand to the mouth.
I recently read a book by Sarah Shulman called Conflict is Not Abuse, overstating harm,
community responsibility, and the duty of repair. Basically Shulman's argument is that,
in various contexts, from romantic relationships to community infighting to international politics,
the overstatement of harm is used as a justification for cruelty and for escalating conflict.
So for example, and this is my example, not Shulman's, turfs fixate on the exaggerated danger
that trans women supposedly pose to cis women. And in very classic overstatement of harm,
they'll describe everything they don't like as rape. Trans women entering women's spaces
is rape. Trans women existing, Janice Raymond, is rape. And then they use that exaggerated
harm as a justification to retaliate against them to dox and harass and shun. Well, the same
kind of logic is used to justify abusive behavior within the trans community. The dualistic thinking,
the essentialism, the pseudo moralism. All of this allows people on Twitter to treat me in an
obviously abusive way, all the while feeling like they're doing the right thing because they're
attacking the enemy. And I realize that some people will say that I'm the one who's overstating harm
to evade criticism. Well, look, you've seen the tweets, the furious demands for me to be exiled,
the doxing and threatening and ordering around of my colleagues, the attempts to isolate me from
my community, the attacks not on my actions, but on who I am as a person. There's not really
anything ambiguous about this. It's just abuse. But I don't think it feels like abuse to the
people who are doing it. They feel like they're punching up because I'm a celebrity with a
platform and lots of Twitter followers. And it's true that I do have more power than any of them
individually. But as a collective, they have a terrifying power that they don't seem to be aware
of as individuals. As John Ronson, author of a great book on public shaming, put it, I suppose
that when shamings are delivered like remotely administered drone strikes, nobody needs to think
about how ferocious our collective power might be. The snowflake never needs to feel responsible for
the avalanche. And that's how you get these situations where you have hundreds of people
endlessly bashing someone who's already been knocked to the ground and feeling all the while
like they're punching up. You know, there's actually a kind of power and safety in anonymity
and obscurity. And there are many ways that being a public figure makes you really vulnerable. For
example, you're more vulnerable to doxing, stalking and harassment on a scale that most people
probably can't even imagine. You're vulnerable to having your reputation permanently degraded
in a way that people who are posting anonymously or pseudonymously are pretty much invulnerable to.
And a lot of the people who are attacking me, they're not pausing to self reflect,
they're not holding themselves accountable for the consequences of their actions.
They're just venting their unfiltered rage. But in response to these attacks,
I as a powerful person with a platform, I'm not allowed to react like a human being. I'm not
allowed to get angry. I'm not allowed to show pain. I'm not allowed to get defensive. I'm not
allowed to lash out. All I'm allowed to do is go totally nama the inside as I try to frantically
calculate the ideal public relations response that pays due deference to the valid concerns of these
poor marginalized people, all the while ignoring the tsunami of verbal abuse that's crashing over
me. You know, people on Twitter, they don't try to persuade me like I'm a human being. They order
me around, they tell me what to believe, they demand that I say exactly what they want me to say
or else. It's extremely objectifying. They don't treat me like a person with my own opinions and
feelings. They treat me as this like brand of moral commodity to be consumed or denounced.
And this is all terribly ironic because of the conflicting demand that creators be
authentic all the time. One thing that always frustrates me about these situations
is there's this demand that you apologize instantly and there's this perception that
a fast apology is more sincere than a delayed one. But in fact, the opposite is true. It takes
longer than a couple hours to cool down, lower your defenses, listen, learn, grow, seriously
reflect on what you may have done or said that was wrong. That can take days or weeks or months.
I had to do my October AMA stream for Patreon and at the beginning of the stream I gave my
emotional half-formed reaction to the Buck Angel situation and some traitor on my Patreon
transcribed that part of the stream and disseminated it on Twitter just to instigate
another round of cancelling. You're not allowed a chance to think or feel and because supposedly
the best thing to do from a PR perspective is to apologize immediately. Cancelling produces a
lot of insincere bullshit apologies from people who haven't in fact learned anything. And I think
most people are aware of that. In fact, I think the demand for an apology itself is often insincere.
If you're being cancelled rather than criticized then the line in the sand has been drawn. You
and all your kin have been declared the enemy. Apologize to Twitter. At this point I may as well
apologize to 4chan. Dear 4chan, I am super fucking sorry I called you thin-wristed otaku shit weasels
who like looking at pictures of little girls. I have been trying to educate myself and learn
from my mistakes and I now realize that's only 70% of you. Like once you're cancelled you can
really do no right. If you apologize the apology will be declared a manipulative attempt to save
face and in fact it will be used as further evidence of what a Machiavellian psychopath you
really are. If you try to explain or defend yourself, I mean first of all you will almost
certainly dig yourself in deeper. But even if you're articulate and correct you'll still be seen as
unable to take criticism and as ignoring the hurt of marginalized people. And if you just go silent
you'll be seen as a coward fleeing accountability even though there's lots of reasons why you might
go silent. Maybe you're taking a few days away from social media to try to cool down and think
clearly or maybe you're so overwhelmed by the harassment that you've just shut down.
Let's do shots. Who wants to do a shot with me? Do you want to do a shot with me?
Let's do a shot. A tequila shot is my favorite. I like the whole salt tequila lime ritual.
It's just very satisfying to me. It's the end of that bottle. Okay let's get started.
You feel warm right away you know that feeling where it's like
oh hey how are you happiness? Hey how are you? Feeling that life is worth living? It's a good
moment. You're like oh this isn't okay this is gonna be okay. I can get through this. It's how
it starts. Watch out for that. So look I really don't like to represent myself as a victim.
That's not really a narrative that I identify with but for the purposes of communicating what
effect canceling has I feel like I should say something about the pain. Much of the happiness
that you might expect to come along with success has been taken away from me by this constant fury
that surrounds me. Try to think about this rationally. I'm a Libra Sun, Pisces Moon. Being
canceled is hell for me. You know I want to be liked by everyone and I'm starting to think I
might be in the wrong career for that. In a way leftist Twitter finally accomplished what 4chan
Nazis stalkers and turfs have been trying and failing to do to me for years. They've made
Twitter into a platform so hostile to my existence that I've decided to leave it forever. And they
demoralized me to the point I could barely get out of bed for a month. And I know that sounds
really melodramatic but I'm just trying to be honest with you about what a melodramatic
person I am. I find I have trouble convincing people of the severity of the pain that being
canceled causes because I think it's just hard to imagine if you haven't been through it yourself.
And I don't know a more succinct way to convey it to you than by telling you that
in the last few years I've been harassed by Nazis, I've been harassed by turfs,
I've been stalked, I've been docked, I've been threatened, I've been sexually assaulted. And
the pain of being canceled, of being totally trashed by other trans people online for years
has been more difficult for me to cope with than all the rest of it combined.
Joe Freeman actually describes how I feel better than I think I can describe it myself.
I was one of the first in the country, perhaps the first in Chicago, to have my character,
my commitment, and my very self-attacked in such a way by movement women that it left me torn in
little pieces and unable to function. It took me years to recover and even today the wounds have
not entirely healed. This attack is accomplished by making you feel that your very existence is
inimical to the movement and that nothing can change this short of ceasing to exist.
These feelings are reinforced when you are isolated from your friends,
as they become convinced that their association with you is similarly inimical to the movement
and to themselves. Any support of you will taint them. Eventually all your colleagues join in in
a chorus of condemnation which cannot be silenced and you are reduced to a mere parody of your
previous self. Yeah, that just about sums it up. Now as it happens I am going to survive this
because I have very deliberately built a support network that will be there for me regardless of
what online trans communities say. And I have very deliberately done that because early in my
transition back in 2017 I relied very heavily on the online leftist trans community for all kinds
of emotional support. You know when you're early in transition I mean it just sucks. You feel like
the whole world is against you. And I talked about this a little bit in my last video you know
feeling like a freak show walking down the street and even if you're lucky enough to have a supportive
family like it's usually still is going to take them a while to come around. At first they don't
get it. They say things to you like aren't you worried you'll regret this and like they struggle
with your name and pronouns which is understandable but at the same time it makes you feel like you're
not being seen for who you are. So you need a kind of second family that understands how you're
feeling and acts happy about your transition and validates your gender. And for the first couple
months of my transition I found that in this world of online transgender leftism. Well that
didn't last long because well I was what two months into my transition when first I did an
interview with the journalist Jessie Single and then I agreed to do a debate with Theron and Vanessa.
So that's a long story but in short I associated with a string of people that trans twitter
considers the enemy. And trans twitter tore me apart over this and it completely broke my heart
because I was really leaning on basically emotional support from strangers online which
seems really stupid in retrospect. And after they turned against me I decided one that I was never
going to rely on this group of people again and two that I was going to have to find acceptance
elsewhere. And in retrospect I think this actually may have been good for me in a roundabout way
because I was kicked out of the safe space and I dropped that mentality. And so basically I was
thrown into the deep end of reality and forced to sink or swim. And I don't know if my transition
or my channel would be where they are today if it hadn't been for that trial by fire. Are we
swimming through fire or are we mixing metaphors? The point is I'm more armored against canceling
than I was two years ago. And the reason why is I have acquired a certain level of privilege and
security and independence from any one community. So that if one community cancels me I still have
somewhere else to go. You know the people who are most vulnerable to cancel culture are not white
guy comedians. They're not James Charles. They're not me. They are marginalized people who feel like
they have nowhere else to go when they're rejected by their community. That means struggling trans
people with a few hundred Twitter followers. It means a lot of sex workers. It means people who
totally rely on activist circles for emotional and material support. I'll quote Drew Freeman one more
time. I had survived my youth because I had never given anyone or any group the right to judge me.
That right I had reserved to myself. But the movement seduced me by its sweet promise of
sisterhood. It claimed to provide a haven from the ravages of a sexist society, a place where
one would be understood. It was my very need for feminism and feminists that made me vulnerable.
I gave the movement the right to judge me because I trusted it. And when it judged me worthless I
accepted that judgment. There's a really irritating point that people on the left like to make that
goes. Well canceling doesn't really end anyone's career. Canceled people usually get a new job or
keep their platform. So I guess it's not really that bad huh. I think people say this because
they're trying to mitigate any sense of guilt they might feel about how they're treating people.
Because it's a really stupid argument. There's lots of things that don't end your life that are
still terrible. But also there's cases where canceling has ended someone's life. On December 5th
2017 a porn star named August Ames killed herself by hanging in a public park after being canceled
on Twitter over a homophobic tweet. On December 3rd she tweeted, whichever lady performer is
replacing me tomorrow for erotica x news you're shooting with a guy who's shot gay porn just to
let you know. B.S. is all I can say shrug. Do agents really not care about who they're representing?
L.A. direct I do my homework for my body. So I've never worked in porn so I can't really tell you
what the norms are around women working with men who have done gay porn. But the tweet certainly
sounds homophobic to me and that seems to be the consensus of other industry people on Twitter.
So Twitter did its thing. People in August's community called her a homophobe and lashed out
at her. And as always happens plenty of passers-by jumped in to throw tomatoes at the woman in the
stocks. Over the next few days August tweeted several more times going through the usual stages
that you go through when you're being canceled. First she defended herself. She claimed most other
women in the industry feel the same as her. Then she said she's bisexual and therefore she couldn't
be homophobic. Then she said fine I guess I'll be fake and not have opinions then. Then she started
bemoaning how mean Twitter is. And she got really defensive about her right to choose who she had
sex with. And she lashed out at the people attacking her. And then in her final tweet she
just said fuck y'all and went to the park that night and killed herself. This is all so familiar
to me. I feel like I'm able to relive with her each stage of this emotional process. There's that
first moment when you realize the outrage is beginning and you get that sinking feeling in
your stomach. And then the anger feeling misunderstood. And then the bargaining the fear
and finally the shame and the despair. And here's the thing I totally agree with her critics that
her tweet was bad. Of course she has the right to say no for any reason but she publicly expressed
this in a homophobic way. But she was still a person who deserves to live. And I think there's
gotta be a better way to deal with these situations than just trashing someone until they kill
themselves. And I know it's never as simple as Twitter made her kill herself. There's always
other things going on in the background. But the point I'm making is canceling is more dangerous
to marginalized people. Because marginalized people generally have more things going on in
the background. John Ronson did an investigative podcast about her death. And it goes into how she
was sexually abused as a child abandoned by her father. She was living with a boyfriend. She was
kind of emotionally detached from. And a few weeks earlier she'd filmed a scene with a guy who was
unnecessarily rough and mean and who mistreated her. So she was kind of traumatized by that. And
so she was kind of on edge and really defensive about who she worked with when she was tweeting.
Then the backlash happened. And since she had no other support network she probably felt like the
only community she had turned against her. And that's a really painful feeling. She must have
felt so despised. Which is how I've felt for the last two months. I feel despised and burdensome.
And I can imagine how a person who feels that way could have an impulsive couple hours where they
think their best option is suicide. I mean I can more than imagine it because I've been there
myself. And I'm still here because at those moments I've been with good friends who took care
of me. And by friends I do mean Xanax. But I've also survived because there's a lot of people on
the internet who'd be very entertained if I killed myself. And I simply refuse to give them the
satisfaction. Oh no bitch. I intend to live as long as possible out of sheer spite. I mean who needs
a guardian angel when you can make it through Christmas after Christmas on the fumes of total
contempt. What I'm really trying to say is Merry Christmas you goddamn assholes.
Oh holy night. The stars are brightly shining.
Meow meow. Meow meow. Meow meow. Meow meow. Meow meow. To get my lesbian pliers out again.
Have a super fucking happy new year barge. How am I gonna get this bathtub out of my apartment?
Anyone in Baltimore want a bathtub? Leave a comment if you want a bathtub. All right I need
to take a deep breath because let's be honest. I'm about one crack away from attacking my own
Twitter followers with an umbrella. I am about one breakdown away from going on a rampage and
making a suit out of women's skin. Just kidding I would never do that. Though on a bad skin day
I've given it serious consideration. Oh I'll be fine. I've gotta sober up anyway because I'm
having more plastic surgery in a couple days. And plastic surgery? That's about the only thing
holding me together at this point. YouTubing that this is a healthy profession. This is great.
Anyone want my job? Step right up. All you have to do is make informative and entertaining videos
about extremely controversial topics while of course representing the full range of experiences
in the LGBTQIAA plus spectrum and being perfectly woke and irreverently funny. Well go on. I'm
waiting to be entertained. Feed me mother. Oh don't mind me. I'll just sit back and pour another glass
of wine. Oh and I will of course be obsessively scrutinizing every word you say for any hint of
moral transgression as well as critiquing your look you third-rate cross-dresser. Zero out of 10.
Get off my stage. He's like please build that everywhere. It's good. I do still want to talk
about why people cancel and the effect that it's having but it looks like there's gonna have to be
a part two gorge because I have hit my limit. So why don't we all cut our losses and try again in
2020. I realize that people on Twitter aren't actually gonna watch this video. They're just
gonna make fun of the title and how long it is which fair enough but they're the ones whose
accusations against me are so numerous and convoluted it required a feature length film
to respond to. But yeah they're gonna see the title and they're gonna transcribe quotes out
of context and they're gonna say I'm a fascist. I'm a turf. I'm true scum. I'm the new Blair White.
I'm the new Lacey Green. I'm a cis bootlicker. I'm an enlightened centrist. I'm a shit lib.
I'm a heartless grifter raking in millions of dollars over the bodies of dead trans women.
Mask off. Yikes. This ain't it chief. Friend the reminder that this isn't a good look. Maybe
don't be a cis bootlicker. Disappointing. But they're saying all those things already so I'm
inoculated. See their mistake was completely breaking my spirit. They should have left a
little peace intact. But it's good. It's good. It's good because basically my survival from here
on out hinges on my ability to not care at all what people say about me online. So here's to
not giving a fuck.
This is almost a Norma Desmond cosplay. Which is good because I'm not gonna age gracefully.
And it's the best to get into character now. YouTube stars never die.